Add maxInputBytesPerWorker as query context parameter (#13707)
apache/druid: docs/multi-stage-query/reference.md

| `faultTolerance` | SELECT, INSERT, REPLACE<br /><br /> Whether to turn on fault tolerance mode or not. Failed workers are retried based on [Limits](#limits). Cannot be used when `durableShuffleStorage` is explicitly set to false.  | `false` |
| `composedIntermediateSuperSorterStorageEnabled` | SELECT, INSERT, REPLACE<br /><br /> Whether to enable automatic fallback to durable storage from local storage for sorting's intermediate data. Requires to setup `intermediateSuperSorterStorageMaxLocalBytes` limit for local storage and durable shuffle storage feature as well.| `false` |
| `intermediateSuperSorterStorageMaxLocalBytes` | SELECT, INSERT, REPLACE<br /><br /> Whether to enable a byte limit on local storage for sorting's intermediate data. If that limit is crossed, the task fails with `ResourceLimitExceededException`.| `9223372036854775807` |

> | `maxInputBytesPerWorker` | Maximum number of input bytes per worker, used when assigning input slices to tasks. Used only in case number of tasks is determined automatically. | `10 GB` |

Reviewer: Can we improve this? What does this limit? Us casual readers can't figure out what "input bytes" means. Input files? Input frames? Something else?

Is this a limit on total input bytes? Probably not. On buffers used to store a chunk of input? On the length of the longest input row? What problem occurs if this is too small?

Why would I want to reduce this? 10 GB is pretty big. Is this a memory limit? Seems big. Or, is it the largest input frame aggregate size that the worker will accept? As you can see, I'm guessing: please explain the actual meaning.

Reviewer 2: +1 on this.

> | `maxInputBytesPerWorker` | When dividing the input to a stage into slices to be assigned to workers, this parameter determines the maximum size in bytes for an input slice. This parameter is only used as a guideline during input slicing, and does not guarantee that a slice is not larger, for example when the number of workers and max number of slices per worker limits in [Limits](#limits) conflict with this. This value is used for all stages in a query. | `10 GB` |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `maxInputBytesPerWorker` | Should be used in conjunction with taskAssignment `auto` mode. When dividing the input of a stage among the workers, this parameter determines the maximum size in bytes that are given to a single worker before the next worker is chosen. This parameter is only used as a guideline during input slicing, and does not guarantee that a the input cannot be larger. For example, we have 3 files. 3 ,7 ,12 GB each. then we would end up using 2 worker W1-> 3,7 and W2-> 12. This value is used for all stages in a query. | `10737418240` |
```
